Timothy Sackton: Counter-record.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These recordings are like, priceless to be like these, like you're gonna have years of these by the I wish We had a few recordings back from high school.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but this is we're going to be like sixty, seven years old, and be like, Remember, when we were forty and we played it. It's always going to be that way
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where there's always value in that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So we begin at the moment you left
Timothy Sackton: the village of the Tikula following Fema and your friends back into the material world,
Timothy Sackton: aware of the forest around you, newly awakened to your senses, with each step planting your staff on the ground, feeling the heartbeat of the trees, the pulse of nutrients across the vast network of mycilia connecting the
Timothy Sackton: great trees of the place, that god trees to the dinner. Kai.
Timothy Sackton: As you walk, your awareness focused on this forest key around you that bubbles through your staff and fills you with energy. The world fades
Timothy Sackton: until you are pulled back to your friends in a double collection of images. As the pocket dimension collapses, and you see a ship approaching a jagged coastline of an unfamiliar island. A meadow of golden butterflies, a forest of pines and maples high on the mountain slope
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as deal with well-being seeker are pulled away from you. You hear Wellby's voice in your mind just for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Find your way to the fay. Well into the portal near Yudomi's tower. We'll meet again there,
Timothy Sackton: and then you're hurling towards the ground in the predominant light below you a lush jungle stretching
Timothy Sackton: all directions, filled with the cause of birds and insects.
The sun begins to creep into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: To the west a distant volcano smokes, while the morning farm drift down its slopes, lingering over the jungle below.
Timothy Sackton: The air is humid and warm. Despite the early hour you can feel the stirring of the tropical heat. The day will bring
Timothy Sackton: in the next moment you find yourself on the ground
in the open and dim understory.
Timothy Sackton: The terrain is surprisingly clear. The massive trunks and spreading roots of the huge trees that reach one hundred or feet or more into the canopy. The only life this far below beneath the sun, the birds and the insects, and the
Timothy Sackton: vibrant life of the jungle hidden in the canopy far above.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to get your bearings,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: quiet of the understory is disturbed by a guttural roar sounding like a crocodile to your ears, and a sharp hiss. Another cry of distress, and a language you don't understand, coming from
Timothy Sackton: a few hundred be two to three hundred feet away from
Timothy Sackton: in the jungle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the first thing I just take a quick moment Am I hurt? Am I injured? But i'm like totally fine.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you seem fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And do I recognize anything about where I am right now like? Do any of the trees, or familiar or any kind of wildlife that anything I've seen before? And how do I feel? Do I feel nervous, or I feel anxious? I I feel like at peace. Do I feel, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: you've never been in a jungle before.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is
Timothy Sackton: unusual on them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The weather is unusual. It's not hot like the desert. It's not hot like you're used to. It's dripping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everything is,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, even the forest of the dental chi was nothing like the diversity of life that you see all around you. This is the
Timothy Sackton: I you know
the cause of,
Timothy Sackton: you know, even just. And this is all as you're getting your bearings before you hear the noise.
Timothy Sackton: You know just the sounds around you. You count ten, fifteen different kinds of bird calls in the two minutes while you're checking if you're wounded, and you see butterflies and dragonflies and beetles, and
Timothy Sackton: it is
Timothy Sackton: wholly strange to you,
Timothy Sackton: but not unwholesome. It feels
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rich and vibrant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So So does Kenza feel a sense of piece here like It's like, Oh, this is beautiful. That's the person. This is a scary.
Timothy Sackton: Uh: yes, yeah, yeah, yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, wonderful. Wonderful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, tens of first just kind of stands up, and it's like very confused, and it's like processing right because it's like we were just one place, and now we just launched terms of no idea where he is like what the fuck is going on. Well, he's voice in his head. Oh, it, and it quickly checked, for Walby like, Can I do? That sounds well, be it's getting weird.
Timothy Sackton: No, there's nobody.
Timothy Sackton: You seem to be completely alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, as as Kenza notices the kind of screen, the the distress call, and the distance. Um, he sort of starts to kind of get its bearings and starts moving, looting, and that to repression, but alert,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: being mindful of his step.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, again, I think in this moment he has a very just strong sense of you know. Where. Where am I? But also just you know awareness that he doesn't want to disturb
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anything you know like we literally just just like you know, spent two days killing a green dragon, and like kind of just like like whatever, wherever you are. So awareness, alertness, all on high, moving, moving with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: moving deliberately, but also very carefully, like watching every step, making sure he's not disturbing anything with his steps, trying to be as like, you know. Kind of um. The word does leave no trace as possible as he moves through the general
Timothy Sackton: right? So you move you after you've got had a moment to get your bearings. You You hear this war, and then a cry of distress, and as you begin to move in that direction through the forest, it's
Timothy Sackton: it's easy to move quietly. Here it's dim. Everything's still this far below,
Timothy Sackton: just the sort of faint greenish light filtering down through the canopy. And and you see, after walking for a very short time. You see um like a shaft of light up ahead, and you can see the the clearing where a giant tree has fallen,
Timothy Sackton: and in the clearing you see um lying prone on the ground with his with his hands up like this. Um! There is a a lizard folk man, dressed in sort of green, green and red robes, decorated with what look like pirate feathers or something around
Timothy Sackton: his neck, the robes torn, and two creatures unlike anything you've seen
Timothy Sackton: looming over him. They look like giant
Timothy Sackton: reptiles of a kind standing on two legs, but leaning forward long tails, massive jaws, short little arms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're like little velocity reactors bigger than that, more like allosaurus size. Oh, fuck,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do a quick soul site.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: As you do that, so one of them is one of them. Looks like it has streaks of smoke coming out of its mouth.
Timothy Sackton: And as you soulsite it, you can
Timothy Sackton: you You feel
Timothy Sackton: so. So this is a This is a creature that lives in these jungles normally, but it is crazed by some sort of steering pain in its aura like fire overwhelming.
Timothy Sackton: The other one is like It's skin, is. It's like scaly skin is uh distorted and distended, and every now and then it'll just kind of shake,
Timothy Sackton: and it also seems to be
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: crazed by some
Timothy Sackton: something unbalanced in its aura, some kind of
Timothy Sackton: not magic. Exactly so
something.
Timothy Sackton: But that's kind of what it feels like like wild magic like uncontrolled magical energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And they look like they're holding the Lizard folk guy captive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So as you do this. One of them, like reaches down with his jaw, and, like takes a bite out of it, tries to take a bite out of his arm, and lizard folk looks pretty wounded at this point. Um! Lying on the ground. They are clearly trying to eat. This was yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like using my intuition here like, Is there anything that Kenzo can think to do to like? Calm them down like? Is there a let me just see. Is there, like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cleansing touch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like Do that? Does it look like they're charmed like. Is this like a cleansing touch-up situation?
Timothy Sackton: I mean you Haven't
Timothy Sackton: you haven't seen anything like this before, but what it it doesn't know. It does not seem like charm to you.
Timothy Sackton: It seems it almost seems like they are
Timothy Sackton: thinking back. Actually the thing it reminds you of more than anything else, although it's very much. Not this
Timothy Sackton: um was the um
Timothy Sackton: was the beast the sort of corrupted beasts that you met
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: early on in Kara. Right? Yeah. Like the just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what are they called again the fucking hyena, The null. Yeah, Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But there's no sense of like demonic
Timothy Sackton: curse or anything like that. They just seem
Timothy Sackton: like, somehow they're
Timothy Sackton: unbalanced.
Timothy Sackton: Their aura is is
Timothy Sackton: driven by this sort of elemental excess
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's just driven them mad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So all right. So I just did on regular sole site that tells me also like they're at the class level and lowest. It prize the belief scores.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they're they're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at level two. They're not Ok, nasty. Their lowest abilities. Their highest is strength. Their lowest is intelligence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, but I don't have an intelligence
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: focused attack, right? I've got the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I've got charisma wisdom or a constitution on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would probably have low wisdom. Um:
Timothy Sackton: yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. I will attack them. I will attack the one that's like most closest to me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: run for it and attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: went forward an attack. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let's see. The wisdom is frightening. It's frightening. Strike. Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disrupting strike is charisma, and these are only when I'm attacking with my hands.
Timothy Sackton: Uh no, or your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? Cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right,
Then I will allow you to do all initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
they were all the yeah role initiative,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't eat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They also rolled A. So you can go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. I will do a frightening strike
Timothy Sackton: right. So you got to hit him first
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? So let me.
Timothy Sackton: I've got a map for this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in all twenty. Um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the foreground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like, How do I do this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, you just gotta roll to it.
Timothy Sackton: What are you trying to do? I'm trying to. I'm trying to attack with my staff.
Timothy Sackton: Just click on the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see.
Here's the slot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I get it to role, though? But i'm actually on the door. It's a little
Timothy Sackton: here
Timothy Sackton: you got. I think you got to turn on
Timothy Sackton: digital dice rolling for this character.
Timothy Sackton: Click on the little anvil thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: click on. Oh, my God! It
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go to build our area.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and then click on home the very beginning. Then where it says, dice rolling click on enable digital days forward for this character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yeah, it should be. It should be on,
Timothy Sackton: huh?
Timothy Sackton: And then, if you hover over the
Timothy Sackton: that's weird, it's not.
Timothy Sackton: I see what you mean. It's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you can roll like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and normally you just click the thing, and it just works.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what's going on. That's weird,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Timothy Sackton: I also i'm looking at your character sheet. I also see that it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not if you click on the if you if you click on where it says staff of the forest soul, there's a little button that comes up that says beyond twenty, and you can click on that to roll. But I don't know why it's not letting you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so when I click on staff of the Four Soul. The The description pops up, but there's no button. Any place to click to the roll and die
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for that. That's weird at the bottom. It says I can unequip on a tune. I can move it, or I can delete it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I can't like a tap with it
at her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. So the other thing, too. Normally, I'm: on a different computer. When I've got well, twenty and
Timothy Sackton: well, you know it's if you just do it in Dnd in role Twenty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine. We can do that. The twenty plus ten to head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: and then it's one hundred and eighty, eight plus six damage. So
Timothy Sackton: just do it that way,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. So seventeen, that is,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then damages. What is it? Again? One hundred and twenty, eight,
Timothy Sackton: Wendy a plus six,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and i'll spend a key on um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: writing. Strike frightening strike. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Ok. So it looks up as you strike it. It looks
Timothy Sackton: It looks up at you, and you can see it kind of rear back and in fear from your presence, and it is frightened until the beginning of your next term
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's so useful
Timothy Sackton: you still get another attack, and then your bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Florida blows. This is also plus ten
Timothy Sackton: ah plus nine. You get one more stop. Attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fucking! I i'm so powerful
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one more sample that got a good guy. Oh, twenty, That is
Timothy Sackton: yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then um twenty-eight plus six.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, damage nice, and i'll use another key for another frightening Strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the other guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: he is also frightened
Timothy Sackton: as both of them turn and look at you entire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now you have for your blows. You can make two unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: so that's plus nine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's. It's not that much that it's Wendy six plus five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! I'm rolling really? Well, Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how's How's that first guy
Timothy Sackton: uh looking pretty wounded?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll attack the second one. Now,
Timothy Sackton: Hey, Guy:
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Timothy Sackton: okay. They both turn and run
Timothy Sackton: so you can make an opportunity attack if you want to. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So they seem at this point like even though
Timothy Sackton: even though they are crazed, the combination of your um, your frightening strikes and the damage you've dealt so quickly. It's not worth it to them to get this meal, so they they just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just head out into the jungle as fast as they can, and the lizard folk
Timothy Sackton: man here, lying on the ground, rolls over and looks up at you.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And says in a language you don't understand he's pretty wounded,
Timothy Sackton: but alive sort of gets up on one arm and says something in a language you don't understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, I will. Let's see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do a healing, too, right. I've got um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only on your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm also sighted with you guys.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: he is uh
Timothy Sackton: frightened and confused.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: He is
Timothy Sackton: equivalent to about level
Timothy Sackton: three
Timothy Sackton: and um
Timothy Sackton: let's see strongest ability as wisdom. Weakest is
Timothy Sackton: strength.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How? Ah! In Jerusalem!
Timothy Sackton: Um I mean he's bleeding mostly from a gash on his arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not. He's not in any immediate danger of dialing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sometimes I could use some help bandage any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, Yeah, I've got some healing by, but maybe i'll save that for now
Timothy Sackton: um! He he tries another language
Timothy Sackton: also one that sounds totally unfamiliar to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I try speaking to him in all the languages that I know i'll try and let the others. I know I know celestial Tardonian common draconic Grand Korean, and then Mari. I'll try to con it, for
Timothy Sackton: he kind of
Timothy Sackton: shakes his head, and he points to himself, and he kind of gives you a little bow, and as he stands up he's tall. He's taller than you are. He's probably a good six foot,
Timothy Sackton: six foot, five or something, and his um
Timothy Sackton: he's very sort of lanky and greet sort of green scales. He's got a short tail,
Timothy Sackton: looks when he stands up to his full height, despite the blood on his arm, which is sort of cradling.
Timothy Sackton: Looks like he could be menacing. Um,
Timothy Sackton: he tries.
Timothy Sackton: But again sort of just kind of nodding to you. It just kind of shakes his head, tries the first language again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is,
Timothy Sackton: it tries one more language
Timothy Sackton: which you understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, where is it
Timothy Sackton: celestial?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, he says.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you, kind stranger,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's my pleasure. I use my staff, and when we're first trying to communicate actually before we stumble upon the language, Kenza tries to drawing some symbols on the ground like he'll, he uses his staff to actually like, draw a little bit so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we're talking now, but you would have tried to draw some different shapes to kind of represent like chart in, or different other things like that to just try to figure out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's different,
Timothy Sackton: says,
Timothy Sackton: What brings
Timothy Sackton: a human who speaks the language of the spirits, but not our tongue, or the common tongue of
Timothy Sackton: of your people
to this jungle at such an opportune moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God's be with us! I suppose
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my name is Kenzo, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I might trouble you to ask, Where are we?
Timothy Sackton: My name is
Timothy Sackton: Ella's. Are
Timothy Sackton: you are in the kingdom,
Timothy Sackton: or a Katieu?
Timothy Sackton: You,
Timothy Sackton: the ancient and proud home of my people
Timothy Sackton: near the Eastern Sea,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: near the Eastern Sea, Tim, but I know where the Eastern sea is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it must be very far from Chardon, which is on the western sea.
Kenza pause for a moment,
Timothy Sackton: literally the other side of the content.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of the city chart in
Timothy Sackton: now.
Timothy Sackton: It's that
Timothy Sackton: around here.
Timothy Sackton: Is that where you're from?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dunbar?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Green Sea,
Timothy Sackton: do you?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, green sea is
Timothy Sackton: some
Timothy Sackton: month's journey to the north,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but the green see his month's journey to the north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And can I look at the map?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, here we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kansas is just for him. I'm trying to get his bearings.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, the green sea stretches a long way to the east,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. This is the western edge of the green sea on the slab.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Holy fuck,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you said the Green Sea is a several months journey north
Timothy Sackton: a month, perhaps. If you walk fast, you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long, How far away do I get to medicine like walking like a month's running?
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: that's a good
Timothy Sackton: five hundred, probably a thousand miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Holy fog.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we are like far to the south and to the east in this map, like someplace like way east of drank or
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes,
you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza is just like It's stunned for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I apologize for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that. The common tongue, the trade tongue of the humans, and the all the races around here was unrecognizable. They don't speak common, and they speak something else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He! So uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it looks for a place to sit for. Do you mind if we sit for a moment
Timothy Sackton: I would welcome that and the opportunity to bandage my rooms
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and let me help you as well. I'm very happy to kind of you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: starts assisting and managing as we talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, wow! So we are a month's journey south of Green Sea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll be honest with you, Lsr. I have no idea how or why I am here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The last moment that I remember I was thousands and thousands of miles away from here, far, far, far, far, far, far from the West, and I don't know what has brought me here to this jungle, and apparently what good fortune has brought me here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: intervene
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: during that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: treacherous time for you. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm glad to be here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a beautiful jungle. Oh, this your home!
Timothy Sackton: This is
Timothy Sackton: Bye
Timothy Sackton: village is not far, maybe a day's journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And when you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this you are
Timothy Sackton: thousands of miles away just
Timothy Sackton: moments ago. Are you a wizard?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no, i'm not a wizard
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am. Ah, it's used is what I am. I was in a space of some strange magic, and I was with a number of companions, and it appears that we've been separated,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so I ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would love if it were possible to go with you to your village and learn more about where I am, and how I might be able to go home, or at least find my companions,
Timothy Sackton: I would be
Timothy Sackton: pleased to take you
Timothy Sackton: to bed as my village.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful
Timothy Sackton: to not know how you will
Timothy Sackton: travel the thousands of miles. But
Timothy Sackton: perhaps that is a question for another day.
Timothy Sackton: You have never been in these parts before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No; but I have to admit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is one of the most beautiful places I've ever been. I've never seen so much life before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just recently spending months and months and months in the desert. The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you ever seen a desert before?
Timothy Sackton: I have heard of the Great Desert?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah worth of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's a great desert, let's say. Sand stretches for a thousand miles
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before the green sea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for the west and north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never been there, though it sounds dry,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you would hate it. It is the exact opposite of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But Don't believe I probably would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are. There are beautiful, beautiful lens,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I've never seen a place as vibrant and as alive as this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel lucky you have ended up here, and good mad you so thank you
Timothy Sackton: welcome. Let us let us walk.
Timothy Sackton: If we hurry, we can be there by nightfall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can see now that there's like a little hidden bit of a camp, and it seems like he was probably surprised in his,
Timothy Sackton: you know. Morning routine preparing breakfast,
Timothy Sackton: gathers up his stuff, packs up the camp
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry. Go ahead,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: those creatures that attacks you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What were they?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They seem possessed,
It seemed not themselves.
Timothy Sackton: That is true.
Timothy Sackton: You've seen them before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are any stories like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have never heard of those. I've never seen anything like that before, but they didn't seem themselves. It seems
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the influence of some type of magic.
Timothy Sackton: How do you perceive such things so clearly?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: training, a lot of training.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: You are correct.
Timothy Sackton: They were
Timothy Sackton: not so much under the influence of magic, I would say, but
Timothy Sackton: pushed out of balance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it disturbed me to hear this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from thousands and thousands of miles to the west for the past year myself and my companions have been battling such corruption with such imbalance as to use your term,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it disturbs me rarely to hear that it is you are experiencing things this far to the East as well. Has it been some time that you've You've sensed this disturbance, or is this an ongoing.
Timothy Sackton: I hope maybe these
Timothy Sackton: this attack,
and perhaps you're
Timothy Sackton: testimony, will convince the elders, for
Timothy Sackton: there's been many years that I've
Timothy Sackton: It's many years that i'm
Timothy Sackton: feared
we were drifting in this direction
Timothy Sackton: turns.
Timothy Sackton: No, I do not know the word in this tongue in my tongue. I remember,
Timothy Sackton: sir,
Timothy Sackton: not me
Timothy Sackton: not filling the land the way it should.
Timothy Sackton: The volcanoes
Timothy Sackton: are out of balance. There have been
Timothy Sackton: eruptions when there should not have been fire out of time.
Timothy Sackton: The others say
Timothy Sackton: the cycles are long,
Timothy Sackton: and if we just wait, balance will be restored.
Timothy Sackton: There is an ebb and flow to life.
Timothy Sackton: I'm a
Timothy Sackton: grows and fades and grows and fades over
Timothy Sackton: decades.
Timothy Sackton: But I do not believe them.
Timothy Sackton: That is not what I feel in my heart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you feel in your heart,
Timothy Sackton: the balances.
Timothy Sackton: It is shifting. Somehow.
Timothy Sackton: The force that filled these forests does so no longer, or
something is
Timothy Sackton: missing
Timothy Sackton: in the
Timothy Sackton: elemental chaos bubbles up and
Timothy Sackton: infects the land.
Timothy Sackton: The world is balanced on a knife hedge between.
Timothy Sackton: Between.
Timothy Sackton: Be much easier if you would learn our tongue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Words for everything in these other languages.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps I will
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: between
Timothy Sackton: a Hannah and
Timothy Sackton: who's to?
Timothy Sackton: Between
Timothy Sackton: vital essence of the material body and the divine essence of the spirit?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know these are no longer balanced in this forest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you sense, which is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which which feature is most out of balance, or is most strong right now
Timothy Sackton: in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: material forces, are overwhelming the spirits.
Timothy Sackton: But why
Timothy Sackton: cannot say
Timothy Sackton: But you say you can see such things. We've been trained.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can sense certain things. Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: those creatures, for example,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could tell they were not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were not themselves.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you learn such skills
Timothy Sackton: from our people?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know we live all across this world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never chased upon your people actually, only only
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I live in a very. I grew up in a very big city far to the west, called Chardon and Tim, I would have run in some lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, there's yeah, I mean, there's lots of wizard folk that live around and travel to chartered. But no big. I mean, I would live sort of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more of a human style life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I've encountered many of your people in my in my travels, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never gone to one of your communities, or visited a village, or really head for to amongst your people until now, I suppose
Timothy Sackton: so. There are others who
Timothy Sackton: who can see
Timothy Sackton: these things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I've met many of humans who have this
Timothy Sackton: skill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. I'm a monk. I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's try to study and learn about the superior world as much as I can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for instance, I know that you are also learned that you are wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have strength in these places.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see that as well.
I'd like to think so.
Timothy Sackton: Not everybody.
Timothy Sackton: It does would agree sadly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I look forward to to meeting your um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your community. Perhaps they have some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we can assist him. There may be mutual ways in which we can assist and learn from each other.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I am. I am quite hopeful that just
testimony of your site of these
Timothy Sackton: dinosaur corruption we'll sway some mines, for I've been.
Timothy Sackton: I am too old to be an impulsive younger youngster, and too young to be a trusted elder these days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I hold her instead.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, seventy-two
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and in your people is that is, that. Are you middle-aged, or old or young,
Timothy Sackton: our our people are not old until they reach their second century.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wow!
Timothy Sackton: I am no longer a
Timothy Sackton: a useful uh
Timothy Sackton: Yang lang
the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but I have not quite reached the middle age, I understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I look forward to sharing what I saw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as you walk. He is knowing you've never been in here. He starts pointing out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all sorts of plants and things as you as you pass um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some that some that you recognize actually from, you know, exotic spices and churn in right so like he puts out a cinnamon, a cinnamon tree to you, you know. He points out
Timothy Sackton: coffee berries, prints out one that he says is called in his tongue a mezza
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: translates as Dreamberry Tree. Hmm,
you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I I asked him if it's okay to take some,
Timothy Sackton: of course. Uh
Timothy Sackton: it is a It is a pleasant spice.
Timothy Sackton: This one is not uh
Timothy Sackton: this place, meaning this specific area where this tree grows, is not?
Timothy Sackton: It's not connected, so they will have no other properties beyond spice Flavor
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who knows what i'll be back here?
The
Timothy Sackton: aye,
Timothy Sackton: take some, please. It's quite nice on a chicken or
Timothy Sackton: mushrooms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm literally thinking about like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: things. I can bring him back for a for delta to make good taste a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: There's another. He points out. Um
Timothy Sackton: this. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: this plant that's wine! There's like these vines that
Timothy Sackton: growing up lots of trees with these like beautiful big sort of red and and green and gold leaves.
Timothy Sackton: I I mentioned,
Timothy Sackton: who's due before the divine essence, the spirit. This we call this vine who's doing
Timothy Sackton: it grows
Timothy Sackton: the bones of our ancestors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo pauses at this line,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just kind of, and I, just as we were walking in general with him.
Bye,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um! Now that i'm with, you know, an indigenous person from this place. So i'm just kind of watching how he walks, and just like walking like him with the same level of like disturbance or nond disturbance,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but also tens of i'm just gonna take my staff and kind of like, you know as we're walking just sort of like, kind of,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like just fueling around a little bit, and like you're into places. Or, for example, here,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know tens of. Well, look at Els are my staff. It's. It's very special to me and allows me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it has a it has. It is imbued with a forest magic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He looks startled when you say that
Timothy Sackton: what forest
far to the west
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this this tree came from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: came from a um, an ancient, this this staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wood that came from an ancient tree large to the west, and I carved this myself,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's become a part of me. Almost this staff. I can sense things with it when it touches other living
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plants, retrieves. Sometimes I can sense things about that tree or sense things about that life. It allows me to understand things about the living world
Timothy Sackton: just as a met a game aside. Remember, you can also, once per day, literally talk to planets
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Totally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am asking your permission, or if it would be okay to actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have my staff touch and interact with the force with the with the jungle here,
Timothy Sackton: please. Yes,
Timothy Sackton: it seems a little distractive, as he says. That
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is he? Okay, just
Timothy Sackton: he looks like he's like
Timothy Sackton: thinking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by ten. Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am man, I'll ask Alzheimer's. Is this fine? It's this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a particularly special place for you where we are now
like sort of Shakespeare said,
Timothy Sackton: and Uh, no um
Timothy Sackton: any points to the sort of colors this is grows wild,
Timothy Sackton: the leaves turn white and silver when it grows
Timothy Sackton: in the
Timothy Sackton: bones of our ancestors when it
Timothy Sackton: connects to the spirits of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: So you can see there. This is a
Timothy Sackton: This is
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: no ancestors are buried here.
The
Timothy Sackton: okay
Timothy Sackton: vine anywhere is
Timothy Sackton: special to us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: between now and when we journey to your home,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. Curious will we be stopping by any particular sacred or holy areas that have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I I mentioned this only because it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with enough peace and calm, you know, once per day i'm able to. Ah speak in a way with the plant live here, and I may learn something useful about it. That may be of service in your your council, but you know your others.
We may, if you wish. Yes, I can take you that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that would be like. I think I would enjoy that both to commute with the nature here, but also I can come in and speak with Nature in a way that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: may allow me to learn more about this disharmony that you have been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sent him.
Timothy Sackton: He he walks again, leading you into the jungle like changing his path slightly. And and you come out after an hour of walking like auto, so
Timothy Sackton: it's not really a river bank exactly. There's this wide, muddy river that flows, and he says
Timothy Sackton: village is still maybe a half day's walk up the river. But
Timothy Sackton: along the way here on this river. Bang, we will pass
Timothy Sackton: a sacred spot. Yes,
Timothy Sackton: the the journey may be,
Timothy Sackton: I realize you probably cannot
Timothy Sackton: swim quite so easily as me,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it may be
Timothy Sackton: a bit muddy for you waiting through the water,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: You can also walk on water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I can walk on it
in the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: remember. You can run up and down buildings and you can run across the water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, don't don't worry. I can. I can. I'll be fine. I can. You'll see.
Timothy Sackton: He He steps in, and he's just dots a leisurely swim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I start walking next to him Now
Timothy Sackton: he looks
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: sort of again is like it's sort of monitoring something to himself as he, as he walks like repeating something and kind of thinking about him, and seems a bit lost in in robbery. Um! Until you come. You come to a spot now where so this is like, I mean it's.
Timothy Sackton: It's clearly not the like wet season, because the river seems fairly low it,
Timothy Sackton: but it still sort of floods in and among the trees a little bit. So you're like going over some bits of water and some bare ground, and passing through these big trunks of trees and things, you come to this place, where there's a like a large tree
Timothy Sackton: somewhat bigger than the rest that uh,
Timothy Sackton: where the roots form a big sort of massive mound that
Timothy Sackton: comes up out of the water, and you can see there's like a bunch of these
Timothy Sackton: crusty vines going up a bit, and one out of every
Timothy Sackton: fifteen or twenty leaves. Is this like silver? White um like you can like. The leaf itself, is entirely white in the veins that would normally be um running to the leaf or this sort of silvery um shimmering color that looks almost like moonlight,
Timothy Sackton: and he like sort of motions you to stop before you proceed, and he like, says a few words in Lizard folk, probably some sort of prayer asking for the ancestors blessing, and then motions for you to come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roughly step forward
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as we is it sort of like a grove or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, no, it's like one big tree with this like massive pile of reefs that's spread out like fifteen or twenty feet around the trunk, and then the vines are growing up. I mean the tree is not particularly tall. It's just very wide. It's like a banyan tree type thing
Timothy Sackton: with like lots of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you have buttresses and roots
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Console reverently approaches the tree, and as he approaches it he you know, enters a state of just, you know, no minds and starts to and hold the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basically it just allows the the ritual to take him over so kind of. As he gets closer. He sort of surrenders himself to the world of the tree, and then allows the staff to kind of beat him,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and i'm assuming it as he gets closer to the tree. You know the staff starts to kind of move in different patterns as he sort of gets closer and closer to the tree. And you know he's stepping in different ways, like through the rude structure and the the the sap is kind of weaving in different patterns and shapes, and then, when he gets to the right spot, a bus spot that feels right, he he holds and takes a staff, and just slides it into the roots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, as the staff, like slides down into the roots, you know, Kenza, then kind of meals, and sits in between his legs and sitting at the root, and then takes a staff and meals forward with his forehead against the staff,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then holding the staff in between its two hands, and then it's going down in between his legs like into the roots, so he's literally kind of just, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: coming close to the staff with it into into into the reed structure. And yeah, and well, I guess the first thing i'll do is communicate with nature
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and one just kind of allow whatever happened is going to happen. But he does have a curiosity about the fate and fake portals because he's just thinking a little bit about Wellbe's last statement to him about how to get back, So he's keeping an eye out for that if there's anything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nearby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: few things happen as you do this so obviously.
Timothy Sackton: Let's first of all you get this. You just get sort of part of this community with nature is just kind of get a feel of the area right? So as you spread your consciousness out, you can
Timothy Sackton: uh you just uh are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: almost overwhelmed by the sort of richness of the just. The sheer biodiversity of the jungle is just like much higher than any where Kens has ever been of his life
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's awesome,
Timothy Sackton: and it takes you a moment to sort out all of the kind of threads of information here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you do not. There are no fade portals nearby.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: What was that? Was there anything else you specifically wanted to know? Sorry I was looking something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, that was the main thing, because if there are any fake portals, and then the rest was just whatever wisdom that comes to me through this
Timothy Sackton: uh so you you um
Timothy Sackton: the feeling you get through this tree is
Timothy Sackton: so, for two things happen: first.
Timothy Sackton: For a brief moment, as you begin to sort of commune with this tree,
Timothy Sackton: you feel you see a vision,
Timothy Sackton: a memory,
Timothy Sackton: a vast expanse of space, a river flowing through it,
Timothy Sackton: the occasional essence of someone or something moving in the distance, some in clumps, some alone
Timothy Sackton: the exact vision you saw when you of the River of Souls, when you died during your Beeshma initiation
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: blue. Oh,
Timothy Sackton: the river drains,
Timothy Sackton: and you sort of fall through the
Timothy Sackton: draining river,
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: It's almost as if you you feel for a moment that you're in some kind of
Timothy Sackton: like water cycle, but with souls right like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, dolls pour out of the land and then live and then die, and then repeat,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, um.
Timothy Sackton: And as you as you feel this, and you stretch your perception across the jungle and kind of um pick apart everything you can. You can almost pick out the sort of strands
Timothy Sackton: each white leaf that are. It's like you can feel there's like little a little
Timothy Sackton: ah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thread of some kind, like a little like a root tendril running up from each leaf into this river of souls, each white leaf into the river, souls
Timothy Sackton: and elsewhere, though you somehow have the feeling that these should be.
Timothy Sackton: This land is ancient and rich in these connections,
Timothy Sackton: and yet many of them are
Timothy Sackton: not
Timothy Sackton: not um
Timothy Sackton: severed,
Timothy Sackton: but just empty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what what it's like, there's
Timothy Sackton: well, these like. So if you imagine these like little root tendrils that are running from the white leaves up to the to the
Timothy Sackton: land of. But the River of Souls are
Timothy Sackton: somehow like there's like
Timothy Sackton: some sort of essence flowing through them like their roots, carrying nutrients
Timothy Sackton: metaphorically from
Timothy Sackton: the other plane to Tagar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This land has lots of these roots around it, but many of them are the
Timothy Sackton: almost like sucked dry,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: the nutrients that should be flowing from the other planes
Timothy Sackton: or not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reaching powdered
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you. I sense that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it because of a blockage?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it because of the corruption? Because it because they've been cut.
Timothy Sackton: There's there's no You' no
Timothy Sackton: corruption whatsoever. There's nothing
Timothy Sackton: nowhere. It it feels
Timothy Sackton: it does not feel at all like there's something
Timothy Sackton: there's any kind of infection or corruption, or anything evil here.
Timothy Sackton: What it feels like is maybe that
Timothy Sackton: somehow
Timothy Sackton: something's somehow the land is too thirsty.
Timothy Sackton: It's the best metaphor you can come up with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the land is too thirsty, like the the or the well is dry
Timothy Sackton: spirit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the spirit essence is is the well of spirits. Is, it has run dry,
Timothy Sackton: but it doesn't feel like there's anything evil about it. It feels like It's run dry because somebody was using a lot of water
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does the tree have a Does the tree itself have a essence to it?
Timothy Sackton: So this tree has been so. These These
Timothy Sackton: Hutu vines are like they're like
Timothy Sackton: figs strangler thing. So eventually the tree itself just turned the hollow core in the middle rocks out, and the tree is just vines the whole way up,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll try first. With permission. Actually, i'll ask the tree Permission, I ask you,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do I sense that there's special key here that there's t like unique to this spirit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: History.
Timothy Sackton: Um, yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so obviously i'm in prayerful pose this whole time as i'm as i'm, reverently experiencing the consciousness of this tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um. Do I sense that that the tree has a name
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or the hutsu the huts?
Timothy Sackton: How to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who's too? Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: it just it doesn't it doesn't have an identity apart from host to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so i'll ask it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or just care of the label,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: say it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and deepest gratitude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hutsu. I'm Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: far from the West.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. In awe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beauty,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your power,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your connection to the spirits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here in service of my friend the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alzheimer's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. Here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to learn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never been to a place so beautiful and so full of life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm able to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: both give and receive spirit energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually I've never done this before Tim. It just emerged. It just occurs to me now. But can I give him my key? Can I like give him? Can I? Can I give the network. The tree my key right? It's like a gift.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're out of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hi, Keith!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow, I've never done this before. This is this is cool,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so I I it nice, I say, so that you might know me more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I offer you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some of my spirit energy,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that you may know me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by people
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when I say my people here i'm talking about, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the monks of the various orders and dun Mari just my people in general. I use that properly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I say that openly. I don't oscillate it for anything. I just say that openly as a gift to give it a key.
Timothy Sackton: You hear sort of subconsciously
Timothy Sackton: a sound beginning. That sounds
Timothy Sackton: um it
Timothy Sackton: almost like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: vibration of like insect wing type. Noise like that sort of that seems to be coming from the
Timothy Sackton: it. It almost feels like it's coming from you.
Timothy Sackton: The The vine starts vibrating at higher harmonics of that same kind of
Timothy Sackton: like cricket, buzz, type, sound um.
Timothy Sackton: And you see you feel like you're
Timothy Sackton: the energy that you're feeding into it kind of
Timothy Sackton: split apart
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: sort of twist itself into a into kind of
Timothy Sackton: harmony
Timothy Sackton: sort of insect, buzzing harmony, and
Timothy Sackton: flow into the into the vine. I mean for a moment, you see one of one of the white leaves glow this sort of
Timothy Sackton: pale sort of golden
Timothy Sackton: desert sands, red, gold, sunset color,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then it fades, and then the leaf falls into your hand.
Is the leaf alive, or is it dead? The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like a them?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's still alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um! I I hold the leaf. What's going on with the leaf?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I sensed what I sensed the leaf the
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So it is one of these white leafs now, and as you as you're holding it um after it like faded gold. It begins to fade in your hand, and you feel this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's it again. The sort of harmonics does, but it's, it's not. It's.
Timothy Sackton: It's not as there's not as many layers to it right. It's a much more pure tone,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you don't have any sense of how you could possibly
Timothy Sackton: control it, or what you could do with it. For a moment you feel this surge of energy in your hand,
Timothy Sackton: and as the leaf kind of fades away in your hand, a new bud sprouts Where the leaf fell out, a white leaf begins to uncurl with one vain and red gold running down the middle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on my staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh no! On the on the like a leaf fell off the vine,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that a new one grew, but somehow incorporating a bit of your key in it, Sweet, that's so cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a really cool, Tim. I love this. It's like you know I can give my key to different things like That's really that's really neat. That's really cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kenzo is very, very happy and very joyful to have given. Give it a key, and without saying anything,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll we'll share that joy. Um! That it has that it has has accepted part of me. And then Kenzo just sits, but also open, and, you know, willing to receive if a tree is, is is willing to give it, he and return.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, sorry. I mean that's what the leave falling was. It gave you it gave me. You just didn't have any way to control it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, it just kind of dissipated
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, so do I. Is it like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do it? Is it is that? Is it? It's just gone, or is it something that like I can?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's just gone You You could feel its presence. But you couldn't.
Timothy Sackton: I have no training, and what to
Timothy Sackton: in, how to?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, what to do with it,
Timothy Sackton: what to do with that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, cool. You could feel it flowing through you. But you couldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: you could hold on to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could harness it. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ooh: So cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um: yeah, Kenza Kenzel, we'll we'll just, you know again. Be very grateful. And then one more thing, and Kenza will ask, Kenza asks, and what's the name of it? Suit
Timothy Sackton: Fritz, you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the Great Spirit? Hood, Sioux,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm new to the jungle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very new just here for a day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've sensed a disturbance
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amongst the dinosaurs here,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and my friend Alazar has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, by the way, if I need to do talk with plants. Now i'm happy to do that,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whatever. Yeah, this would be. Talk with plants.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disharmony I felt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you share more of what may be unfolding?
Timothy Sackton: It begins to slowly speak in your mind,
Timothy Sackton: away from here,
Timothy Sackton: in the heart
Timothy Sackton: where my brothers and sisters live,
Timothy Sackton: the eldest lands,
the
Timothy Sackton: the wounded spirit
Timothy Sackton: trials
Timothy Sackton: too much from us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who is the wounded spirit
Timothy Sackton: I have not been to that land.
Timothy Sackton: You must ask my brothers and sisters,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where are your brothers and sisters?
Timothy Sackton: The eldest land is rich with spirits.
Timothy Sackton: The first land
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where is the first land?
Timothy Sackton: It is the first land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we there now? Everywhere?
Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you are.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it is.
Timothy Sackton: We are all connected to it here.
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: not far
Timothy Sackton: and far
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: my people know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can I find your people? How can I speak with your people.
Timothy Sackton: You're standing next to one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shall. I shall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shall speak with them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: before I leave you. Great with Sue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you again for your gift of your energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I felt it flow through me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I felt
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's richness, it's death, it's beauty, it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the student and energy of the spirits,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you teach me.
Can you teach me about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the energy you shared with me?
Timothy Sackton: You must ask my people.
Timothy Sackton: We are energy, we can
control energy.
Timothy Sackton: They know
Timothy Sackton: the flower of Arima,
the land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What more can you tell me of a Rima?
Timothy Sackton: It is everywhere. It is
what you gave me.
Timothy Sackton: Spirit
Timothy Sackton: realms provide,
Timothy Sackton: but only those
train can control. It
Timothy Sackton: is what you know is key.
You
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the Arimic here is powerful,
very different than what I know.
Timothy Sackton: This land is old.
Timothy Sackton: The tendrils of the plains sing deep here,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bootsu. I will depart soon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with Azar to seize people to see your people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would like to come in with you again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and come in with you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and learn to community, even when i'm not here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope i'll have the opportunity to learn such things,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so I may drop on your wisdom in the future.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: perhaps you can. You
Timothy Sackton: You have the look of one who has
Timothy Sackton: been so beyond the veil and back?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I asked.
Timothy Sackton: There is much you still must learn, though,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that I the that a certain. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I look forward to meeting with you again.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else you want to say
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in for now?
Timothy Sackton: Azar looks kind of an awe.
Timothy Sackton: What did it say?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I had to learn a lot to learn from you,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think your intuition is correct. It's said
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he called me us, told me about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the wounded spirit. Do you know what it means to into the spirit,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that the blue in its spirit draws too much
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the imbalance that you spoke of.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: perhaps that is
Timothy Sackton: to cause this.
Timothy Sackton: There is a place west of here,
Timothy Sackton: a few days journey.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know how much you know about the history of this world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I assume I know nothing.
Timothy Sackton: For once the gods walked the earth,
Timothy Sackton: and where they stepped
Timothy Sackton: the land changed
Timothy Sackton: the footprint
Timothy Sackton: of our gods that our Zen
Timothy Sackton: but Xenukawa is near her.
Timothy Sackton: You call it the eldest land.
Timothy Sackton: It is
a place where some of the
Timothy Sackton: the original magic of this world, before the
Timothy Sackton: rems were sundered, still lingers
it.
Timothy Sackton: It's a place where the
Timothy Sackton: power of
Timothy Sackton: chaos of the magical elements
Timothy Sackton: is strong and balanced only by the
Timothy Sackton: spirit energies from above.
Timothy Sackton: But it is also a place where
Timothy Sackton: well, it is hard to explain.
There is much power there,
Timothy Sackton: and something
Timothy Sackton: something seeking
Timothy Sackton: power needing power.
Timothy Sackton: Drawing that
Timothy Sackton: key energy,
Timothy Sackton: Karima,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we find much to draw there,
Timothy Sackton: and in doing so
Timothy Sackton: leave the chaos untouched free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This wounded spirit sounds like a god of some kind, something incredibly powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know It's going to have to be something powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, Tim, I need to use the restroom. I'll be back in one sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Sorry about that, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no problem.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: at about this point I'm going to say you you
Timothy Sackton: get to the village
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that also? This is also the journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome.
Timothy Sackton: That's what I was pretty happy with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's amazing.
Timothy Sackton: And as you and this is a this is not like you arrive at, even from after walking the whole day.
And it is a
Timothy Sackton: it is a village unlike anything you've seen before.
Timothy Sackton: It's right on the river um
Timothy Sackton: the broad, muddy river
Timothy Sackton: in like a few layers. Right? So this is like the upper. What you're looking at here is like the upper layer, and it goes down, and and the houses are built. It's on stilts as it drops down to the river bank. There's like canoes. Um. There are maybe two hundred people that live here. Not huge um.
Timothy Sackton: There's little signs of obvious farming, but there's like
Timothy Sackton: fruit everywhere. Bananas, massive figs, plantains, pineapples, just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's dripping off the trees. There's chickens running around everywhere. There's these sort of horse-sized, long-necked dinosaurs that they use as mounts
Timothy Sackton: walking around
Timothy Sackton: some
Timothy Sackton: yeah flowers everywhere, you know everything's in bloom
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: just trees and and life, you know chickens running underfoot everywhere. Um, little lizard folk kids running around playing,
Timothy Sackton: you know, chasing the chickens,
Timothy Sackton: and you know your first. Your first day, like your first night, like Alzheimer just wants you to eat once you get settled, it brings this big feast like all sorts of stuff you've never had before.
Timothy Sackton: Chocolate Kansas probably never had chocolate before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of chocolate Now,
Timothy Sackton: maybe in we mean, maybe in Charton. But you are poor in chart, and you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if I had chocolate, I stole it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you probably stole chocolate. Um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And of course, nobody
Timothy Sackton: Alzheimer's the only one who speaks celestial. So he's like translating for you. He introduces you to a few people,
Timothy Sackton: a Rosa, who is the like matriarch of the village. This old sort of
Timothy Sackton: pale, the blue skinned lizard folk woman walks in, leaning on a cane and sort of looks you over, gives you a greeting, and then
Timothy Sackton: verbiage that seems like a huge like a big introduction, and, like you know, the the town welcomes you. But all in that you do not understand a single word
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that Alzheimer's translating into celestial four years. It's like walking into the village greeting you. I saw the elder what's going on with the alder and their power, I mean she's just a commoner, but she's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also wise, and
Timothy Sackton: um. She has no particular power.
Timothy Sackton: But you know it goes like this, you know. Azar explains that
Timothy Sackton: you know There'll be a counsel in the morning, and he'll tell your story.
Timothy Sackton: He He sort of pulls you aside, and he says, I have to ask,
Timothy Sackton: Would you say
Timothy Sackton: you carry the soul of an ancient forest with you.
Timothy Sackton: You said This staff of yours has some.
Timothy Sackton: I ask only because
people
Timothy Sackton: well, we we have
Timothy Sackton: magic.
Timothy Sackton: Those of us who have trained that sometimes lets us ask our ancestors for aid,
Timothy Sackton: and what they say is often cryptic.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: when I asked
Timothy Sackton: if anyone would,
Timothy Sackton: if anybody would help if anybody could
Timothy Sackton: solve,
Timothy Sackton: do something about them.
Timothy Sackton: The problems we've been having.
Timothy Sackton: The answer I got was loosely translated
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: the raindrop that will start the river flowing
Timothy Sackton: will be a stranger
Timothy Sackton: who carries the soul of the forest with him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never heard myself described it that way before. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yes,
Timothy Sackton: I hope such a thing is true for our people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't promise anything, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in a strange few months, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I certainly carry the Sullivan, force with me
Timothy Sackton: after the council Tomorrow
I will have to teach you our language before I could teach you
Timothy Sackton: anything else. To be honest,
explain the
Timothy Sackton: spirit rounds
Timothy Sackton: without that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and St. Them remind me I didn't sense any fay-while portals anywhere near me. Right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Azar,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm learning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm young. But i'm learning about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this strange world we live in, and I'm learning about my place in it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right now, and for the foreseeable future,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whatever left, I had
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whatever journey I was on before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's thousands and thousands and thousands of miles away from where we are now,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have time to learn your language,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and whatever else you may have to teach me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: If that's I, I am. I am pleased I would be.
Timothy Sackton: I would be honored to teach you,
Timothy Sackton: and over the course of the evening you sort of catch up with him.
Timothy Sackton: Get to know him a little bit. He's the youngest child of four. He's like never. He's always been a bit of an outcast like,
Timothy Sackton: not like an outcast, and like people of
Timothy Sackton: you know, not like a social outcast, but just like he's always been sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The lizard. Folk are very kind of like. Everything will come in time, and he's always been the one he's like. We've got to do something now.
Timothy Sackton: And so he's had this reputation since he was
Timothy Sackton: young, child. And so when he kept saying,
Timothy Sackton: you've got to do something about this now. It's not just going to solve itself. Everybody was like, Oh, that's just Alison
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he introduces he to his family, his like older siblings and his nieces and nephews and um, you know there's about twenty of them running around. They live down by the river with their you know, two dinosaurs
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking dinosaurs,
Timothy Sackton: and in the morning there was like a village council led by the elder arose of a matriarch,
Timothy Sackton: and it's all in the wisdom. So you don't really understand. But Alzar tries to translate a little bit as things go as a lot goes around.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like, indeed you
Timothy Sackton: have
Timothy Sackton: you have convinced
Timothy Sackton: your testimony convinces the elders that
Timothy Sackton: something must be done, and they say, I don't expect you to do it yourself. You,
Timothy Sackton: Al Azar, says this to you.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, it's up to you as to whether you even want to.
Timothy Sackton: We will not force you to do anything, although,
Timothy Sackton: as you say
Timothy Sackton: whatever this creature is, whatever the spirit,
Timothy Sackton: your theory is right, must be quite powerful, and if you
Timothy Sackton: are looking for a way
Timothy Sackton: to get back to where you are from,
Timothy Sackton: I am sure, if whoever whatever
Timothy Sackton: creature is causing this disturbance where
Timothy Sackton: healed or tended to, or
Timothy Sackton: treated, or whatever needs to be done,
Timothy Sackton: they must have the power to send you anywhere on this plane or another.
The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, I'll gladly help
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not necessarily just for transportation, but just because i'll gladly help.
Timothy Sackton: It will take some time for
Timothy Sackton: other heroes to gather
Timothy Sackton: weeks at least,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: I can teach you
something of our language in our ways. In that time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never been around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: such beautiful life, plant life, animal life,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: insect life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would love to learn not only your language, but the language of this forests.
Timothy Sackton: I think I can do one better. I will.
Timothy Sackton: I will show it to you.
Timothy Sackton: But you must learn to speak our tongue first, for it can only be
Timothy Sackton: understood in our language
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gladly willing to learn.
Timothy Sackton: So it I mean you're not going to become like a superfluid speaker, but over the next, like three weeks of like immersion
Timothy Sackton: learning. You do get pretty good enough that you make, you know I've ad listened to your character. She I can do it later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: and after about
Timothy Sackton: three and a half weeks of life in the village where you're, you know you're learning the names of plants you're learning. You know the sort of
Timothy Sackton: just the routines of village life he takes you on a few walks. You can see. He tells you a little bit more about the
Timothy Sackton: about the uh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the eldest land, the footprint of the Thursday and and Kenazoa, which is to the west, near where the volcano that you saw when you were flying overhead. Is um
Timothy Sackton: that says you know you'll know more once I can. Once I can show you about the forest sort of cryptically.
Timothy Sackton: You learn, you know you learn the sort of um various spices that go around here. You learn how to make coffee and chocolate and um another one that he introduces you to is um
Timothy Sackton: Bertaro, which is a lily pad that grows and still waters and swamps, and is cultivated by the Lizard folk, and is also connected to
Timothy Sackton: what he calls Um
Timothy Sackton: Zarua, which is the home of the Lizard folk gods, the spirit realm in which they dwell.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and he also warns you that not
Timothy Sackton: not everything is
Timothy Sackton: life right? That there is,
Timothy Sackton: you know death and decay are also part of the
Timothy Sackton: jungle, and some of the
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: connections that one might find to spirit realms are less are to less pleasant places.
Timothy Sackton: But again, he says,
Timothy Sackton: it's easier if I show you,
Timothy Sackton: and after
Timothy Sackton: three, four weeks, three and a half weeks. He says he thinks you're ready
Timothy Sackton: one night, wakes you up just past midnight and takes you into the jungle
Timothy Sackton: a few hours walk. So you arrive just somewhat before dawn when it's still dark out, but the birds are starting to sing
Timothy Sackton: leads you to a hidden cave, which is completely dark and filled with dark water,
Timothy Sackton: bold, that is close to the moment of creation.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to see the spirit of them.
Timothy Sackton: Forest of the jungle. This is the place to do it. This is the place to see
Timothy Sackton: how everything is connected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm here to see.
Timothy Sackton: He takes out a portion of sort of herbal brew that he gives to you, that says,
Timothy Sackton: Take this, it will let you breathe the water.
Timothy Sackton: It is blessed by the magic of our people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Knock it down,
Timothy Sackton: leads you into the cave,
Timothy Sackton: and you begin to float
Timothy Sackton: in this complete darkness,
Timothy Sackton: and he
Timothy Sackton: five
Timothy Sackton: begins to talk,
Timothy Sackton: and he says, I must tell you
Timothy Sackton: how things were before you can see how things are,
Timothy Sackton: he says
Timothy Sackton: his voice. In the beginning there was everything and nothing
Timothy Sackton: in this formless vastness in which thought had no meeting, came the divine who we call Bakar,
Timothy Sackton: embodied creation and destruction, life and death, form and void.
Timothy Sackton: If car split. This formless vastness and energy erupted forth
Timothy Sackton: the chaotic, roiling energy of magic and the flowing silver calm of spirit.
Timothy Sackton: As Bakar willed these energies, collided, and from that collision the material more the world was born,
Timothy Sackton: giving birth to the lands of Talgar and its first inhabitants, the Titans, the Arch Fay, the elder elementals and the great worms of dragons
Timothy Sackton: very fabric of the world itself, resonated with the power of spirit and magic in those days.
Timothy Sackton: But just as destruction without creation brings ruin. So did the unconstrained energy overflowing the world,
Timothy Sackton: and Bakar breathed out, reshaping everything.
Timothy Sackton: And in this long breath, with Tarzan and Zenikoa came their steps, bringing ballots to the chaos of the land,
Timothy Sackton: and as
Timothy Sackton: he's talking,
begin to see lights forming in the darkness.
Oh, my gosh!
Timothy Sackton: Butkar's breath ended with a chance growing in complexity and power as the strands of magic and spirit were caught in the harmonics of their song.
Timothy Sackton: And when the chant ended, the world was sunder in
Timothy Sackton: the magic and power intertwined with Tago is fractured and separated
Timothy Sackton: as Bakar's chant created the plains, the realms of magic and spirit, leaving Talgar vibrating in the balance between the sea of magic and the sky of souls,
Timothy Sackton: and the lights begin to go
Timothy Sackton: bigger,
Timothy Sackton: shaping into an explosion of color frozen in time.
Timothy Sackton: I was our's voice, although now you're not sure it's his voice.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it's something else begins to fade, and you catch
Timothy Sackton: braggedly, Vaguely
Timothy Sackton: it fades into the distance, his words echoing the songs of the planes still linger in our world,
Timothy Sackton: though in places attuned to their residents.
Timothy Sackton: The echoes of the realms of magic, and the realms and spirits still linger the
Timothy Sackton: stall. O,
Timothy Sackton: and as you enter
Timothy Sackton: the lights
Timothy Sackton: you see
Timothy Sackton: a vast sparkling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: world before you.
Timothy Sackton: You're not sure if it's a vision or a dream, or something more physical, but dotted across the sky are endless points of light.
Timothy Sackton: A place you've been before actually a plane of souls that you traveled through once you can dress up.
Timothy Sackton: But now here you can see it much more clearly than before you're floating,
Timothy Sackton: but you can also sense the loops and worlds in this place where it's energy touches the world of talgar, and you can see each time a a loop or a
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: a root, or a tendril reaches down and touches the world. There's a ripple
Timothy Sackton: in the physical world, the telegar itself that echoes out from that point of contact vibrating with vital energy.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see
Timothy Sackton: structure that you could not before you.
Timothy Sackton: There's echoes and harmonies in this plane,
Timothy Sackton: some
Timothy Sackton: echoing
Timothy Sackton: with the vibrations of the Hootsu plant that we saw
Timothy Sackton: that you experienced already. You can now see that strand of energy,
Timothy Sackton: a strand of key that you might call
Timothy Sackton: a key of souls
Timothy Sackton: touching the plant of the ancestors and
Timothy Sackton: resonating
Timothy Sackton: behind
Timothy Sackton: veil that you see in the sky above you,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see a mezza, the dreamberry tree
Timothy Sackton: um the twists of the dream world echoing around this place
Timothy Sackton: and touching the flowers.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: They begin to bud and forming a resonance there,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see others. Um!
Timothy Sackton: You can see how all of these residences cluster near you around you,
Timothy Sackton: yet somehow there are no ripples on the ground below you,
Timothy Sackton: and you can
Timothy Sackton: still here that
Timothy Sackton: you could move with your mind.
Timothy Sackton: You can drift in this landscape.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: You can see your staff in altered form next to you,
Timothy Sackton: vibrating with a
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: an energy of
Timothy Sackton: abundance of life.
Timothy Sackton: This now you know, in the Lizard folk language called Hannah,
Timothy Sackton: the key of
Timothy Sackton: of
Timothy Sackton: a
you
Timothy Sackton: nature of
but more than nature. The key of
Timothy Sackton: reminds you almost, of the that the plane of Arborea that you
Timothy Sackton: passed through in in Toka, or
Timothy Sackton: residents that you experienced in token of the
Timothy Sackton: overwhelming energy of life itself striving to grow.
Timothy Sackton: You can see darkness, too. You can see
Timothy Sackton: dreams twisted the echoes of a of nightmares, of darker things that also touch the world and leave ripples
Timothy Sackton: bright red,
Timothy Sackton: the poisoned berries that the Lizard folk call Arro katu.
Timothy Sackton: Gather the energy of these dark nightmares
be used with great caution.
You,
Timothy Sackton: with this land
Timothy Sackton: laid out
Timothy Sackton: below you, you also sense, something moving, something lapping at the waters of Tagar in a circle round and around
Timothy Sackton: beneath you, drinking the energy.
Timothy Sackton: See it! You can't sense its form,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but you feel its presence.
Timothy Sackton: You feel it's
Timothy Sackton: it's
Timothy Sackton: first
Timothy Sackton: that cannot be slaked,
Timothy Sackton: and you can hear the
Timothy Sackton: not disharmony. But
Timothy Sackton: that's like um,
Timothy Sackton: you know. If you think of like a complex symphony.
Timothy Sackton: But then you replace everything with just a simple melody, like stripping out all the harmonics that it
Timothy Sackton: it circles around this place,
Timothy Sackton: and you can travel if you want to. You can float through this realm and explore. If there is anything you want to reach out towards,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I put out a fueler for rye.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: in what direction? Right? So you've got sort of dream. We're all land of the dead
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: drum milk.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So you drift towards the sort of twists of the dream world,
Timothy Sackton: and as you do, you can see, like your vision is kind of flickering back and forth between seeing the actual
Timothy Sackton: metaphysical dream world in this space and
Timothy Sackton: the a mezza tree that
Timothy Sackton: alzheimer's pointed out many times to you before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And you sort of. Pour yourself into it and reach out for Rye
Timothy Sackton: and you,
Timothy Sackton: now that
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: you are sort of twisting into a loop,
Timothy Sackton: and you have to choose whether to go forward or back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go forward.
Timothy Sackton: You reach forward,
Timothy Sackton: and you sense
Timothy Sackton: and me,
Timothy Sackton: you see, floating next to you now in this this dream realm.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: the two pieces of jade
Timothy Sackton: that were anchored to your staff,
Timothy Sackton: and they are
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: they are!
Timothy Sackton: They're sort of like. There's a ton of little faint green lines passing between them.
Timothy Sackton: But then there are others coming off that are severed,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see um.
Timothy Sackton: You can see energy,
Timothy Sackton: foreign energy, energy that that shouldn't be here in the dream, all the energy of
Timothy Sackton: of magic energy, of the
Timothy Sackton: chaos below, of the elemental realms of pure magical energy itself,
Timothy Sackton: flaring out of these severed connections
Timothy Sackton: into nothingness.
Timothy Sackton: And and you sense a sort of confused,
Timothy Sackton: disoriented thought drifting from these severed connections occasionally.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: it's just a vision of a door
Timothy Sackton: that's flicking between, opened and closed and opened and closed
Timothy Sackton: every time it's closed. You see it's
Timothy Sackton: I shouldn't say doors. It's um!
Timothy Sackton: It is a door, but it's a very elaborate door,
Timothy Sackton: a stone door with like eight chains that cross in a pattern in front of it, and then a giant in the center like a hexagon with a
Timothy Sackton: with what looks like a massive
Timothy Sackton: complex, like locking mechanism in the center, and then faint lines of magical energy
Timothy Sackton: open, closed, open, closed,
Timothy Sackton: and every time it's
Timothy Sackton: every time it's open i'm sorry every time it's closed Dimitar is
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: standing in front of it, looking
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Looking out towards you,
Timothy Sackton: and every time it's opened,
Timothy Sackton: all you can see are two dried, withered hands on either side of the door, like to pull themselves forward.
Timothy Sackton: But there is no sense of
Timothy Sackton: your sense is that this is something. Rye is dreaming. But there's no sense of conscious
Timothy Sackton: thought behind it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to remind me sorry I apologize. After our summer session
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we learned that the thing inside the prison.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah! And is that? Is that what i'm seeing right now is this? Is it a poly on inside this inside the cage?
Timothy Sackton: That's what you think. Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of me wants to reach out to a poly on right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe that's about. Have a whole spirit journey. Bad playlist, If you want to go in that direction,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, you know It's Paulan really just evil, you know as a polygon just as power-thirsty, bad guy, or is it more complicated than that? You know what I mean like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna hold that. But for now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But first, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to the Dreamberry Tree like to the the tree itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know him. So this is we are now in the spirit,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the this, this the plane of souls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, I will go to the dream, bear to the stadium as a tree, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will commune with the emezza tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in this, in the salt,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of what i'm imagining is,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, Kenza's developing relationships with these different trees and these different kind of entities, and he's got to do it both in the physical material around, but also here, because there's connections between the both, so he'll, you know, so he'll he'll He'll go to the mesa tree, and and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know again reverently introduced himself to it, and much like he did what earlier but the good century.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: from this perspective you can see that
Timothy Sackton: so you can sort of see the dream world. You can see the sort of layers of the spirit world, and they
Timothy Sackton: it's sort of. As you get further and further away from Tagar you eventually get to darkness, where there are no souls which you sense is like the land of the dead. And if you go beyond that you get to the realm of gods.
Timothy Sackton: There are. There are silver threads that hang out from the land of the dead, and connect to the to the Hutsu vines
Timothy Sackton: like they're sort of dripping down from there. But the aesthetry connects to the dream world, which is Um, which is this side of the land of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: And from this perspective you can see, like everywhere the dream world touches tag. Art, right?
Timothy Sackton: It's not just one tree right? It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, it's in
Timothy Sackton: hundreds of places that you can see from here, and each one of these is like an echo of that moment when the planes were created. But still
Timothy Sackton: it's still like resonating in the world of Tagar itself.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So when you're talking to the when you're communing with the tree from this direction, you're commuting with hundreds of trees and wells
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, i'm really commuting with, There's the essence of the tree,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which is, which is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: transcendent of, you know, specific, you know.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, I introduce myself reverently. I, you know, say who I am,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what i'm about that i'm here to learn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, I do the same thing I offered. I've offered it my key.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you do this, you hear this sort of
Timothy Sackton: song begin, and this is um the
Timothy Sackton: so. So one of the things that you.
Timothy Sackton: Lazar taught you, as you learned the Lizard folk language as as the lizardfunk believe that there are
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So there are two.
Timothy Sackton: There are two
Timothy Sackton: like flavors that make up Arima, which is an intermixing of these two flavors. There's the sort of material essence and the and the divine essence.
Timothy Sackton: These flavors themselves are made up of
Timothy Sackton: multiple combinations.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of plain essence side of Arima
Timothy Sackton: includes both
Timothy Sackton: Hutsu, both the sort of soul as well as a mezza,
Timothy Sackton: which is the lake
Timothy Sackton: hopes and wishes and dreams and imaginings, the creativity of
Timothy Sackton: life on target
the
Timothy Sackton: And as and as you sort of
Timothy Sackton: now, here from in this place as you kind of trade your key with the
Timothy Sackton: mesa tree, you you feel
Timothy Sackton: so you you give it your key, And what you see here is that
Timothy Sackton: you don't It's not like a bud blooms, or a leaf falls off. You just see
Timothy Sackton: a sort of echo growing and growing and growing, and there's a song to it. So there's this music that resonates as the echo grows and grows, and it begins to swirl around you. And you can now, from this perspective,
Timothy Sackton: how it can be held differently than what you're used to.
Timothy Sackton: Now that you're learning. Now that you're here, you feel the key that you manipulate is this sort of
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It's almost a sort of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brute force. It's like a hammer. Right? It's everything all mashed up together in one. And this is. This is like, you know, a flute melody, or something right? Or it's like a symphony. And this is a This is, you know, the the violin line, or the cello solo, or something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beautiful, and you sort of
Timothy Sackton: hold it in your hand as it intertwines with your own key.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of feel it begin to wrap around the
Timothy Sackton: the sort of spirit energy of your staff that's also floating next to you.
Timothy Sackton: It just begins to sort of curl gently around the staff
Timothy Sackton: sort of intermingle with the with the energy, the wild energy of the staff itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whoa,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I just kind of gratefully allow that whole process to unfold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess one question to him, too, is funny on, you know, just to like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it was not a recording for it.
Timothy Sackton: No, it was it just cut out for a second?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, Um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So have I been eating a special diet during this period, because it may also be like, you know, like the the different like, Am I actually eating a mezzo berries like as we're doing this? Or Oh, yeah, that's definitely like, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: they use all of these things, even though the Hootsu they don't use the
Timothy Sackton: the the leaves that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the ones that like have the spirits of their ancestors. And I leave, but they they um dry. The other leads, and they make a like a tobacco light thing that people smoke
Timothy Sackton: all of the sort of, except for our
Timothy Sackton: the red, bright red berries, that sort of collect the energy of the nightmare of the
Timothy Sackton: dark places like of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, the abyss and things like that that that they leave alone, but
Timothy Sackton: these other ones, the mezza and the lily pads, though,
Timothy Sackton: O'hannah, that would be another another one that you would have encountered. That's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's like a it's like ginger. It's like a root like a Yeah. Well, ginger is actually a root, right? It's the
Timothy Sackton: rise at home. It's the like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nitrogen, where the nitrogen and fixing bacteria grow.
And it is
Timothy Sackton: it's associated with all of the
Timothy Sackton: sort of life-giving energy of the forest right so like
Timothy Sackton: like ginger, especially because it has culinary uses right. But um! The Lizard folk believe that Ojana sort of inhabits every
Timothy Sackton: a part of nature that connects across organisms
Timothy Sackton: and supports life like everything that
Timothy Sackton: you know, roots and lungs. They associate it with lungs of people,
Timothy Sackton: the like mycelium networks right like anything that, you know all of that is associated, but the specific plant they call on is sort of an analog to Ginger
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beautiful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, So Kenzo, I mean, unless um Alzheimer's says differently. I mean he just kind of loses himself in this this plane. Um, you know, first commuting with the mesa tree, and he'll go to each one he'll go to the he'll go to the Ohana. He'll go to all of them except for the oracatu. Right now. Um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He'll go to each one share his key,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just, you know, introduce himself familiar. Arise myself with the plane. So you've already right. So Fuzu is already kind of familiar with you and recognizes you
Timothy Sackton: or Taro. When you offer your energy you actually feel
Timothy Sackton: um. So. Ah! According to the Lizard folk, this is this is connected to the spirit realms of the Tharsen and Xenaco and the lizard from firstborn. But as you reach out to it, and as you, as you sort of um reach for its key.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: you almost feel
Timothy Sackton: like an echo of Bishhma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hm! Like this is this is,
Timothy Sackton: And if and you look up sort of
Timothy Sackton: right. You see these. You see these like, you know, tendrils of song coming up from all over, and you see that they're all
Timothy Sackton: here where you're looking now they all have the same note.
Timothy Sackton: But when you look inside yourself and you connect to it, the song changes, and it, and you can see now, like all of the all of the
Timothy Sackton: tendrils of song that go up and pierce them now, so that the Hutsu connects to the land of the dead. So it stops there in that blackness.
Timothy Sackton: But there
Timothy Sackton: Bertaro pierces through that veil and goes up into the divine realms, into those spirit realms,
Timothy Sackton: even
Timothy Sackton: to the souls of
Timothy Sackton: people who dwell, and who are dead, and dwell happily in those realms,
Timothy Sackton: or to the gods themselves.
Timothy Sackton: And they're all different notes. It seems like there's a huge diversity of these.
Timothy Sackton: And now, as you as you look at your staff, you can actually see that there is
Timothy Sackton: some of this energy entwined as well,
Timothy Sackton: but it yet again a different song,
Timothy Sackton: an Alvin song
Timothy Sackton: and a dinner Kai song,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and what's on?
Timothy Sackton: And then uh,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, okay, so that you're those are the five Um
Timothy Sackton: and and Hannah you are the most familiar with already. That's the that is the sort of material side of key this life force of
Timothy Sackton: this is what you've been commuting with in the forest in
Timothy Sackton: in a
Timothy Sackton: the back with the dinner kai, and and here it
Timothy Sackton: it's different,
Timothy Sackton: but it recognizes
Timothy Sackton: it, recognizes the staff, and it almost as if you're greeting a cousin or something like,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beautiful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I sense any of my companions here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the tendrils into the from the dream world and see the material plane,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean. Oh, that's a good question. Um,
Timothy Sackton: yes, you sense dow with and wellby
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice. Where are they?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or I try to kind of get near, You know I don't know this would be cool if I could, if I could see one of their dreams, or like, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you can't tell anything about the
Timothy Sackton: like physically where they are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: but you sense um
Timothy Sackton: you sense. Wellbe is
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby is well-being is tricky, because I haven't run well. He's invention yet so well they could very well be dead, for all we know unlikely. But
um
Timothy Sackton: wellbe is in a strange land. You actually like the overwhelming sense you get from Wellbey is the
Timothy Sackton: just the sort of um
Timothy Sackton: fascination with the strangeness of the place he's in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the
Timothy Sackton: from Delta.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: So you you get out. You get a sense of.
Timothy Sackton: There is something very different about deal with than when you last met him.
Timothy Sackton: The shadows are gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What
Timothy Sackton: but that's all you sense
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no way. Come on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's going to be like all like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: happy and cheerful. Now
Timothy Sackton: you'll have to wait and see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm working from the shadow. Is he retiring? Is he not powerful anymore because he doesn't have shadow or armor and shadow energy. No, he's more powerful than before,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but without the shadow stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seated to believe it,
Timothy Sackton: you will have to see it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow, resident and um, and
Timothy Sackton: uh seeker you sense or not
Timothy Sackton: on the material plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe they've gone to the sea of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who else
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't want to go there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like
It's like very curious about garage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just went from a distance from a distance. Is Garage dreaming
Timothy Sackton: Garage
Timothy Sackton: two
Timothy Sackton: you reach out searching for for grocer's soul. Gosh's essence,
Timothy Sackton: and you find
Timothy Sackton: you find only darkness
Timothy Sackton: he finds.
Timothy Sackton: So the more you the more you look,
Timothy Sackton: the more you focus Here you see. So each point of light here is like the soul of a person,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: and you can see some of them like drifting. Following one of these tendrils
Timothy Sackton: the sort of
two vines
Timothy Sackton: drifting up to the land of the dead
Timothy Sackton: as people die.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see souls also drifting down from the realms of the gods
Timothy Sackton: as people are born,
Timothy Sackton: and as you look more closely you can see some
Timothy Sackton: souls
Timothy Sackton: that are just severed from
Timothy Sackton: anything.
Timothy Sackton: They exist only on the material plane. They are not
connected to
Timothy Sackton: the divine in any way,
Timothy Sackton: and as you look more closely, you realize these are
Timothy Sackton: these are Undead,
Timothy Sackton: and they are
Timothy Sackton: black, dark
Timothy Sackton: they are not.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot find individual ones. You just can see the sort of
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: decay that clings to their energy.
Timothy Sackton: But as you look more and more searching for Gosh himself. You realize each one is identical from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Let's fucking. Do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I reach out for a poly on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean. Not that I like. I'm not trying to like beat and greet. I'm just trying to like sense, You know this is not like how to get all up in him. It's more like from like, you know, very far away. It's like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not like running right from this front door. You know what I mean, but i'm just trying to get a sense of like. Where is does he have a connection to this to this this Rom at all? Is he just like a dark point someplace in the distance? Does he have entry here, you know.
Timothy Sackton: So the only way you can find him is following your path back into them
Timothy Sackton: the dream world. And following this focus on Ryan coming back to this door,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: as each time the door opens you kind of focus on him, and the door
Timothy Sackton: slowly stops, opening and closing and open and closing, and the scene stabilizes.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing, moving everything frozen in time, but with the door open, and you looking into the gloom and Apollon's hands,
Timothy Sackton: and as you do, you realize,
Timothy Sackton: a polyan has no presence here,
Timothy Sackton: not even like an Undead. There's not some black corruption of a soul,
Timothy Sackton: and you can tell it's not that he doesn't have a soul
Timothy Sackton: that is not here.
Timothy Sackton: It's not in the plane of souls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not
Timothy Sackton: because from a polyon in the dream world you can see the same sole sense that
Timothy Sackton: that connects him to a soul,
Timothy Sackton: but it seems to drift back into the darkness behind the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He got it so his soul is still in prison. He's not He's not out yet. So if we could sense him out here that'd probably be really fucking bad news. If we were, we could sense he would have been a plate of souls at all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: saving throw.
I'll go back,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're the five,
Timothy Sackton: so as you are searching
Timothy Sackton: for a pulling up like looking at a pulley on um.
Timothy Sackton: You see the glint of two eyes
Timothy Sackton: just points of way
Timothy Sackton: in the um
Timothy Sackton: in the darkness
Timothy Sackton: the door,
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: as those two eyes look at you,
Timothy Sackton: they seem to pierce
Timothy Sackton: into your own soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: And the polyon turns, the eyes, turn, the head, turns, the scene moves slightly Doesn't leaves the door, but you see his head coming to focus,
Timothy Sackton: wearing
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: kind of like a like a mummy, but the
Timothy Sackton: like dry, desiccated skin. But the mummy wrappings have fallen off
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: like everything's just like dried and desiccated like It's been out in the desert for centuries for a millennia almost,
Timothy Sackton: but his eyes are bright
Timothy Sackton: and they're staring right at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any colors?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just two white points, just two white points. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: that's that
Timothy Sackton: head turns away.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel It's gaze
Timothy Sackton: still lingering on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I wash them out?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: how
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I call upon all of the spirits!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My! From to Beishhma! The Logkin gods, just any, any protecting spirit, any. I should have done this before I went here actually. But I call upon all of my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the different gods and the tree spirits, all of them, and I asked for the protection.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you see,
Timothy Sackton: So so the spirits gather
Timothy Sackton: and sort of begin to cluster around you.
Timothy Sackton: But you can
you? You can sort of perceive now that this is not
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: This has nothing to do with your soul.
Timothy Sackton: This is like somebody's crying on you.
Timothy Sackton: There's nothing the spirits can do. This is arcane magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least in the dark cave
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who I am in a dark cave, and i'll say, you know we're bound to meet at some point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm Good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my head out of the dream. Well, this part, this area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go back to more calm, Calmer music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other little visits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I see if I can visit, you know Chakun Ishma Vaka:
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, So you can. Um, so you can find these um
Timothy Sackton: you can find these.
Timothy Sackton: The more time you spend here, the more you sort of sense of the topography of the place, which is
Timothy Sackton: nothing that can be simply described in
Timothy Sackton: in three dimensions. Right? It's like a much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's not geometric terms. It's like right. I got it by.
Timothy Sackton: But you sort of can Orient in some sort of spiritual sense, like up
Timothy Sackton: away from Tagar is where the gods are.
Timothy Sackton: It's not. It's not like. There's more. It's not physically further. But there's this veil of the of the Land of the Dead,
Timothy Sackton: and you realize as you
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: As you sort of stare out here at the spirit realm, and see these little like faint tendrils of of light and song that pierced through the veil of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: But of course this is the
Timothy Sackton: the god's power cannot
Timothy Sackton: flow freely through this veil.
Timothy Sackton: It only trickles through these small tendrils, and as you pay attention to this you realize that
Timothy Sackton: many of these tendrils seem to cluster around You
Timothy Sackton: tendrils to Behma to Laka, to Chicago, and you hear their songs, but you can't
Timothy Sackton: see them. You can't sort of reach out to them. You can just hear the echoes that can pass through this bail.
Timothy Sackton: You're sort of now Aware of this echo in the back of your head. Of this song of the Gods.
Timothy Sackton: I realized that
Timothy Sackton: they've always been there,
Timothy Sackton: and you just didn't always notice
Timothy Sackton: their song following you,
you,
Timothy Sackton: but they, too, feed into your into the key that you are
Timothy Sackton: shaping that
Timothy Sackton: flows through you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beautiful
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is Al Azar here
Timothy Sackton: now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His voice was speaking at the beginning, But he is not here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I get tired or hungry, or am I just kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: biden
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you just dive in for as long as you want. If I can buy it as long as I want, then Kenza will just continue diving for each one of the different plants
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he'll commune to spend a lot of time there. Learn more about the key how to be with it, how to shape it, how to work it, and it'll experiment, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm guessing, too. It's like It's like the viola versus the violin, or it's just a tuba. You know what I mean. It's like There may be something a little more similar to each other, some key that's really weird to work with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yes, but yeah, he will. He will like this is his. This is his spirit Lab,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he he's gonna as long as for as long as he's not hungry or sleepy, or you know Alzar Doesn't wake him up. He'll just kind of like, really joyfully dive in and start just experimenting with all the different kinds of he that he can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But time doesn't sometimes pass in in a normal way. I'll be better even better.
Timothy Sackton: So your subjective perceptions of time passing our
Timothy Sackton: clearly altered by the magic of this place. And so you spend a lot of time, and you realize. So these
Timothy Sackton: for sort of
Timothy Sackton: harmonics of key the
Timothy Sackton: i'm as of the dream key. The
Timothy Sackton: i'd say that
Timothy Sackton: um sort of spirit sulky the
Timothy Sackton: retarded the divine key. And O'hana, the sort of
Timothy Sackton: nature life, energy
Timothy Sackton: key, can also be combined. Right? You can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And when you, your own key is actually
Timothy Sackton: originally First, you thought this was just these combined.
Timothy Sackton: But you realize there's a there's a
Timothy Sackton: fifth thing. There is another
Timothy Sackton: sort of element of key that is, that is you that is Kenzo, specifically known as the individual sort of
Timothy Sackton: uniqueness of each person
Timothy Sackton: that can then be combined with
Timothy Sackton: each of these, so that you can imagine there's sort of hundreds of combinations. It would take many lifetimes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to understand
Timothy Sackton: all the possibilities of ways that you can play this symphony,
Timothy Sackton: and that's not even
Timothy Sackton: that's putting aside this sort of dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Katie, there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the key to dark places
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which Kenzel wants to play with, but maybe under some guidance, and not just by himself here while he's just right. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: um, and that.
Timothy Sackton: But you begin to understand at least the sort of basics of the sort of four harmonies of the four
Timothy Sackton: a Mezza Hutzu,
Timothy Sackton: or I know Hannah; and and as you as you do, you see the sort of complexities of them that
Timothy Sackton: that even though
Timothy Sackton: Khutsu, you think of as the sort of energy that connects to the land and the dead. It's also.
Timothy Sackton: It's also the energy that um
Timothy Sackton: that creates life
now,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the maz of the the of dreams creativity. The sort of key of the dream world
also has a dark side to it. It's also the
Timothy Sackton: key of it's not just the key of good dreams.
Timothy Sackton: So there is some. There is some, some darkness there there are. There are layers to these things.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, Hannah, that sort of
Timothy Sackton: key of them
Timothy Sackton: souls of this
Timothy Sackton: ah nutrients of
Timothy Sackton: giving life is also
Timothy Sackton: the key of of overgrowth of weeds, of tumors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Answer: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And even Rotaro, the sort of key of the divine. The sort of energy of the gods that flows down to
Timothy Sackton: uh to Tagar is
Timothy Sackton: is complex, because the divine are many, and contain multitudes,
Timothy Sackton: and the power that flows from those
Timothy Sackton: those spirit realms of the gods
Timothy Sackton: when it remains sort of in balance
Timothy Sackton: and sort of in harmony.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: It is the sort of kind of pure echo, but it
Timothy Sackton: it can also be dark. It can also be out of balance. There are
Timothy Sackton: you've heard, Del, with sometimes talk about the out and legends of
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: the the sort of
Timothy Sackton: the three despairs of the of the creations of
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: of a force that wants the world simply not to be,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see the kind of echoes of the gods born from them. The one you know most is personally and familiarly is genetic,
Timothy Sackton: the embodied soul of madness. And indeed, actually you can see the
Timothy Sackton: a severed,
Timothy Sackton: tender, lone
Timothy Sackton: genet hanging off of you as well
Timothy Sackton: from your time as a werewolf,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a fuck,
Timothy Sackton: Stafford,
Timothy Sackton: by a dwarven hammer.
Timothy Sackton: So as you study, you see the dangers in all of these
Timothy Sackton: that nothing is
Timothy Sackton: nothing is
yeah,
Timothy Sackton: only the key of only the unique, the key of Kenzo himself, the sort of unique key that is just your own is
Timothy Sackton: uncomplicated to use,
Timothy Sackton: and you realize that it is going to require care to channel these things properly.
Timothy Sackton: But you learn a lot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what I mean. Again, I will stay here and experiment and go down the rabbit hole as long as far along,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just him in terms of like I've got maybe another like ten, fifteen minutes to me. That's all right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Yeah, I was gonna say Kenzo can experiment as long as he wants. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim and Kong do not have the patience for that. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kenzo spends a long time in here learning,
Timothy Sackton: and eventually
Timothy Sackton: awakes as the as the sun rises, having only spent three or four hours at most in the real world. Here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are you
Timothy Sackton: despite it, feeling like days to him.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And as you emerge from this cave into the sun, you see
Timothy Sackton: there is a khutsuvine growing
Timothy Sackton: all up your staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking, awesome,
Timothy Sackton: and coming budding out from the top In between. Where the jade's are, is a cluster of a Mesoberries
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The staff is so epic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Another random thing to him, too, you know, like Kenza is carving the story into the staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like as just time goes on, I think it'll be like a really cruel illusion where you'll read it and read it. And because he'll keep carving, and it's going to be a long fucking story, but it never. It's like It's weird like you read the runes, and you're reading them around, and you're looking at the stories around it, but it doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you just keep reading it, and you're just like well, it feels like a really long story, but i'm still at this. You know It's your the sense of time, of the spatial aspect of the staff like uses its meaning as you're reading it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's just our
yeah, definitely.
Timothy Sackton: So as as you walk back to the to the village with um
Timothy Sackton: with a lazar, he you talk about what you've seen, and he sort of helps you contextualize some of what you've learned about these different kinds of key, and also
Timothy Sackton: he is. He's excited in some way of this sort of thing that you saw,
Timothy Sackton: you know, drinking the ripples of these tendrils around here, and he says, when the others get here
Timothy Sackton: hopefully in a week or less,
Timothy Sackton: perhaps you can find it. Perhaps if you journey into the altar band into the footprint of the frozen and keenozoa, and can
Timothy Sackton: find out why it's
Timothy Sackton: so thirsty.
Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: You can restore the balance to this land,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Azar. I have another question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I learned so much
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the plane of souls, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel home there In a way it was beautiful, and I yearned to go back. How can I return?
Timothy Sackton: It is not easy.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody has only granted one journey
Timothy Sackton: through the sacred waters.
Timothy Sackton: But there are other ways
Timothy Sackton: you can
Timothy Sackton: follow the
Timothy Sackton: half of your
Timothy Sackton: Arima of the key.
Timothy Sackton: It is, it is not easy to learn,
Timothy Sackton: and you may need
Timothy Sackton: assistance
Timothy Sackton: until you are stronger,
Timothy Sackton: but it is something you can train to do out. Well,
Timothy Sackton: if you are
Timothy Sackton: fully in control of your of your key.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't tell them.
Timothy Sackton: There are many places like
Timothy Sackton: these spirit waters across the world,
Timothy Sackton: anywhere where,
Timothy Sackton: anywhere, where the plane of souls itself
Timothy Sackton: touches our world
Timothy Sackton: can be a doorway?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can they be traversed more than once, or Are they all a one-time use, like your your spirit waters I believe that most can be traversed as many times as one wishes.
Timothy Sackton: I am sorry I could not join you, for I have already
Timothy Sackton: passed through that door once before in my life, and it
you may have seen as a
Timothy Sackton: life-changing experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was indeed.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: the wounded spirit can tell you more about where you may find other such places, if you can find a way to speak to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you found any other places you saw?
Timothy Sackton: I have not traveled far from my village.
Timothy Sackton: I have heard tell of such places, though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim has a cancel ever been in any of these places,
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's not obvious that you would have known what it was look for before now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I reflect back by just reflecting now that I've been there, and I know what it means to cross, you know, to cross over because there any claim that I've actually been to that is, was one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was it a shakun like one of the initiation ceremonists?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the so at the in Kara there's the beneath the temple. There was that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yup! There was actually a very similar ritual where you went into the water. And yep, that that Mesa, you're almost positive Now, that's also where Krat, where Kendrsa took you through with the spirit staff. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. Yeah, So that that's that's one that makes a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now that you think about it, you're basically positive that the red mesa is connected to the class that makes perfect sense that makes perfect sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You'll be it.
Timothy Sackton: And the other place you suspect is
Tokra tree,
Timothy Sackton: but probably only
Timothy Sackton: when the flowers bloom
Timothy Sackton: when it comes alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This staff is fucking sick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like an epic staff. He's a really really fucking epic staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it makes so much sense now, too. So over time again, as Kenza becomes more powerful, and you know he's he's! He's walking around with like like a piece of a doorway. Into this the plan of souls. So it's like, you know, as he becomes more of a fine and channeling his own key, and these different kinds of key
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that he'd be able to access the spirit realm,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, when he's really powerful, probably at will. You can just go in there whenever he wants to.
Timothy Sackton: Well, when you're. It's like there is a high-level monk ability
Timothy Sackton: that lets you at this astral projection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Like eight. Key, and you can do it at Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the staff. I'm sure makes it a little easier.
Timothy Sackton: The staff makes it a little easier, and
Timothy Sackton: I think I also made one of the I can't find my notes, but i'm pretty sure. One of the twelve shrines around the lock and monastery is also a portal to the plane of souls. But only on the one day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Perfect, perfect. That's great.
That's brilliant.
Timothy Sackton: So you've got a few options
Timothy Sackton: that you can find around around done. There's i'm sure there's others, too,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, uh Craig's mind
Timothy Sackton: also clearly connected,
Timothy Sackton: and see what's
Timothy Sackton: you know. Shifted time,
Timothy Sackton: and you spent a lot of time communing with him like
Timothy Sackton: he's pretty powerful. He can finally help you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, So, after all of that training, can I do anything with the Kena
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, these
Timothy Sackton: Yes. So what happens is, these things start to grow on your staff,
Timothy Sackton: but because this creature is
Timothy Sackton: draining the energy from around here, you need to deal with this before they will be full of key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it, but you can control them so. Once they are once their energy is restored, you will have
Timothy Sackton: three or four, I I think probably, or one for each of these,
Timothy Sackton: one for each of the four kinds of key
Timothy Sackton: each will have between one and three uses. I Haven't quite figured out the mechanics,
Timothy Sackton: but they're basically like other stuff that grows on you on your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they're literal, like fruits and things. Yeah, all that kind
Timothy Sackton: literal fruits and leaves and vines growing on the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm walking around with a fruit salad on my staff. Well, it's more subtle than that right? It's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like, you know. If you don't look at it closely, it would look like a nice like a really well-done wood carpet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right right? Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Well, and actually, this would be even cool. It could look just look like wood. And then, when Kenz attaches it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, yeah, like it like it like, and it like animates. It becomes a real berry that he takes off of the tree, and then, you know, eats one, and then like, and starts singing, and then starts singing, and then you know the fucking, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, well, it's so cool. But you've got to go through the
Timothy Sackton: the realm of messed up key and deal with the wounded spirit before it'll Recharge
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey! That's great,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this the main stuff to him? Is there anything else you wanted to do that? That was that. That's So now, you know, in about a week's time in-game. The other characters are the heroes who are like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gathering. So one or two or how many people get they'll meet You'll go off into this weird, weird part of the world with messed up key
Timothy Sackton: Once you solve it, then
Timothy Sackton: I'm.
Timothy Sackton: Then we can.